CNV-55964: Right-click VM operation in the tree view (#94476)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-migrating-storage-class-ui.adoc

> . Click the Options menu {kebab} beside the virtual machine and select *Migration* -> *Storage*.
> +
> You can also access this option from the *VirtualMachine details* page by selecting *Actions* -> *Migration* -> *Storage*.
> +
> Alternatively, right-click the VM in the tree view and select *Migration* from the pop-up menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the web console, click  *Virtualization* -> *VirtualMachines* to do any of the following tasks:
** Click the options menu icon {kebab} beside the VM, and then click *Migration* -> *Storage*.
** In the *VirtualMachine details* page, click *Actions* -> *Migration* -> *Storage*.
** In the tree view, right-click the VM, and then on the pop-up menu, click *Migration* -> *Storage*.
```

> Alternatively, you can perform the same action in the tree view by right-clicking the VM and selecting *Migration* from the pop-up menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, right-click the VM in the tree view and select *Migration* from the pop-up menu.
```
